My mother died this morning. I wasn't able to be by her bedside at her memory care facility in Houston to say goodbye, owing to the coronavirus. For those who really believe the news media relishes this state we're in, I ask you to consult what is left of your humanity.
Imagine having no water, no electricity, no Internet, inadequate federal aid and relying on Doctors Without Borders to survive the coronavirus pandemic.This is life for Americans in Navajo Nation as the U.S. government, once again, fails tribes.   …
South Korea has focused on testing to guard against outbreaks:  …
I have the coronavirus. I’ve been sick for a week, and really, really fatigued, with muscle pain. So far, thankfully, no fever and my oxygen levels are fine. But I was super careful, wore masks, carried hand sanitizer. Haven’t really socialized with friends.
Fairfax County Health Department responded to my request for nursing home/longterm care facility deaths from COVID-19. As of May 22, there have been 249 coronavirus deaths in these facilities. That's ***75 percent*** of all Fairfax County deaths from coronavirus as of today (330)
Flags atop WH continue at half-staff this weekend to honor Coronavirus victims.  
As all 50 states begin the process of reopening, here are three articles that offer some lessons from other countries about the tradeoffs and policies involved. First, here’s what European nations have done to support workers:  …
And here’s more on the approach Sweden has taken, which differs from some of its neighbors:  …
100,000 dead, 40 million unemployed, and @realDonaldTrump hits the links - and at one of his own courses no less, so he can pocket more taxpayer money.#TrumpDeathToll100K  …
DOJ intervenes in case challenging Illinois coronavirus restrictions, says governor went too far   
The Chinese government admits it ordered Wuhan labs to destroy early samples of the #coronavirus but says it was for “safety” to avoid a lab accident. But they say it’s impossible the outbreak could be from a lab accident. Think about that.   …
America's economic renaissance was delivering huge results for underserved communities—including those who are now hit hardest by the Coronavirus. President @realDonaldTrump has launched a multi-agency mission to bring that renewal back. 
DMV CORONAVIRUS NUMBERS UPDATED: There are now 89,354 confirmed cases of coronavirus in Virginia, Maryland and DC. Maryland has 46,313 cases, DC has 8,110 cases and Virginia has 36,244 cases
A Georgia church closes two weeks after reopening as families come down with coronavirus!   … #Church #StayHome #COVID19
Breaking: The RNC has filed suit against California to stop Gov. Gavin Newsom from mailing ballots to all registered voters ahead of the November general election. Lawsuit comes after Newsom announced the changes in response to the coronavirus pandemic.  
Nine million people have been tested for coronavirus in Wuhan in the past 10 days. The city has 11 million people.   … via @WSJ
Reported US coronavirus deaths:Feb. 23: 0 deathsMar. 23: 541 deathsApr. 23: 49,861 deathsMay 23: 97.087 deaths
CDC confirms remarkably low COVID-19 death rate... where's the media coverage?  …
Pence has been careful not to step in it. But he did say this on April 24: “I think honestly, if you look at the trends today, that I think by Memorial Day weekend we will have this coronavirus epidemic behind us.”   …
No coronavirus catastrophes following reopenings of Georgia, Florida and Texas  …
Failing @realDonaldTrump, winner of the Electoral College despite losing by nearly three million votes, has botched the coronavirus response, killing many tens of thousands, has told 18,000+ lies in office, and pretends to know what he’s doing, but doesn’t. RETURN THE PRESIDENCY!   …
The Justice Department is closing investigations into three U.S. senators for stocks trades made shortly before the coronavirus market turmoil, but is continuing a related investigation into Sen. Richard Burr, per ⁦@aviswanatha⁩.  …
The number of working African American business owners in the United States plummeted more than 40 percent as the coronavirus shut down much of the economy — a far steeper drop than other racial groups experienced. By @KnowlesHannah  …
MD Gov. Larry Hogan's (R) job approval rating is at 82%. ...among Democrats.  …
John Barry wrote the definitive history of the 1918 flu pandemic. I asked him about then and now. He’s not impressed.  …
#fraud #alert #States give few details on billions spent on #Coronavirus supplies   …
CDC warns be on the lookout for aggressive rats during #coronavirus pandemic.  
As Sen. Loeffler has faced scrutiny and criticism for her apparently coronavirus-related stock trades, her husband donated $1 million to a pro-Trump super PAC.   …
Coronavirus allows people who've never had any power to tell others what to do.   …
Trump is a dangerous example for children and those who tend to follow him. Not wearing a mask and not social distancing is dangerous. Do not follow his example. Protect yourself. Coronavirus kills! Maybe this ignoramus doesn’t care, but you should care about yourself!
Trump slammed Obama for playing golf after 2nd US Ebola case in 2014 & today Trump was on his 2nd golf day as US approaches 100,000 #coronavirus deaths. Trump has implied COVID19 deaths may be his price for repairing the economy. He has no conscience! No empathy. No humanity!
We really, really need an ethics review into Jared Kushner's shadow coronavirus task force  …
Breaking: The RNC has filed suit against California to stop Gov. Gavin Newsom from mailing ballots to all registered voters ahead of the November general election. Lawsuit comes after Newsom announced the changes in response to the coronavirus pandemic.  
DMV CORONAVIRUS NUMBERS UPDATED: There are now 89,354 confirmed cases of coronavirus in Virginia, Maryland and DC. Maryland has 46,313 cases, DC has 8,110 cases and Virginia has 36,244 cases
Flags atop WH continue at half-staff this weekend to honor Coronavirus victims.  
And here’s more on the approach Sweden has taken, which differs from some of its neighbors:  …
South Korea has focused on testing to guard against outbreaks:  …
As all 50 states begin the process of reopening, here are three articles that offer some lessons from other countries about the tradeoffs and policies involved. First, here’s what European nations have done to support workers:  …
I have the coronavirus. I’ve been sick for a week, and really, really fatigued, with muscle pain. So far, thankfully, no fever and my oxygen levels are fine. But I was super careful, wore masks, carried hand sanitizer. Haven’t really socialized with friends.
The Chinese government admits it ordered Wuhan labs to destroy early samples of the #coronavirus but says it was for “safety” to avoid a lab accident. But they say it’s impossible the outbreak could be from a lab accident. Think about that.   …
It's only an observation and not a commentary from me one way or another: I've met with and interviewed numerous reputable scientists working on/with coronavirus, and none were wearing masks or social distancing.
VOTER FRAUD: Themost secure way to vote is IN PERSON.  Left using #coronavirus as pretext to end voter id and enshrine voter intimidation and voter fraud through the mass mailing of ballots and intimatory ballot harvesting. @RealDonaldTrump @JudicialWatch  …
When Coronavirus struck, the Class of 2020 saw their lives, plans, and milestones change unexpectedly.  President @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS want these students to know that our country stands with them! 1600 Daily:    
Trump dismisses his own government’s mask guidance during unhinged news conference that shows why his daily coronavirus briefings are a thing of the past   …
Wow, this report from @alyssafowers @thewanreport: One-third of Americans are showing signs of clinical anxiety or depression during coronavirus. U.S. Census data analyzed here is the most definitive, alarming sign so far of pandemic’s psychological toll   
Stat of the day:"Nearly a quarter of all the deaths in the United States attributed to the coronavirus have been in just 12 congressional districts – all located in New York City and represented by Democrats in Congress."  …
News: Glenn Fine, the DoD Principal Deputy Inspector General, resigned Tuesday.Last month Trump effectively removed Fine as chair the Pandemic Response Accountability Committee tasked with overseeing $2 trillion in emergency coronavirus funding.   …
FEBRUARY 26: Trump says that only 15 people in the US have coronavirus and "in a couple of days" it would be zero and no one has died and that is PROOF HE IS DOING A GREAT JOBMAY 26: 100,000 Americans have died from COVID-19 and Trump says that is PROOF HE IS DOING A GREAT JOB
Pence has been careful not to step in it. But he did say this on April 24: “I think honestly, if you look at the trends today, that I think by Memorial Day weekend we will have this coronavirus epidemic behind us.”   …
There were 11 confirmed U.S. coronavirus deaths on March 5. Now, not even 3 months later, we're approaching 100,000. These are not just numbers: they are mothers and fathers, sons and daughters, brothers and sisters. May They Rest In Peace and May Their Memories Be A Blessing.
“We have got to change our relationship with China. It is now or never.”@HawleyMO brushes off China's threat to "sanction" him and the state of Missouri.  
As the nation braced for the approaching toll of 100K lives lost to coronavirus and honored the many more who have died in wars, Trump introduced everyone to the online commentary of John Stahl, a supporter with a history of racist and sexist posts.   …
Even though @realDonaldTrump called for churches to be opened and deemed an “essential service” despite them being a hot spot for #coronavirus during this pandemic; President Two Corinthians didn’t go to church today - he went golfing!   … #COVID19 #church
LR @RepMcCaul: “On the heels of the #ChineseCommunistParty allowing coronavirus to spread around the world & their ongoing coverup, enacting draconian security laws aimed at destroying the rights of Hong Kongers will only further fan the flames of anger & distrust.   …
US coronavirus deaths:90 days ago: 0 deaths80 days ago: 11 deaths70 days ago: 58 deaths60 days ago: 704 deaths50 days ago: 7,152 deaths40 days ago: 23,649 deaths30 days ago: 49,887 deaths20 days ago: 67,682 deaths10 days ago: 84,118 deathsRight now: 97,087 deaths
The front page of tomorrow’s @nytimes lists the names of 1,000 coronavirus victims — just ~1% of the total death toll  
100,000 dead, 40 million unemployed, and @realDonaldTrump hits the links - and at one of his own courses no less, so he can pocket more taxpayer money.#TrumpDeathToll100K  …
FEMA can find no records of criteria it uses to make distributions to states from the Strategic National Stockpile to address the coronavirus pandemic or records of any communication with the White House about making the distributions.Think about that.   …
NY Sent More Than 4,500 Coronavirus Patients Into Nursing Homes After Cuomo Order: AP   …
For too long, workplace protections have been seen as a nice-to-have, not a must-have.But as I explain in my latest @medium post, we can’t end the #coronavirus health and economic crises without addressing safety at work.   …
Sure, Trump is exceptional. He's exceptionally corrupt.  …
Reported US coronavirus cases:Feb. 26: 59 casesMar. 26: 82,100 casesApr. 26: 965,435 casesMay 26: 1,680,913 cases
How did DC decide it's safe to reopen, possibly as soon as this Friday? The metrics keep changing. @FenitN and I looked at the shifting ways DC measures what it means to contain coronavirus:   …
Tell it walking @realDonaldTrump . 1.7M coronavirus cases. 100K dead. Record unemployment. That's on your watch.   …
Reported US coronavirus deaths on date:Feb. 25: 0 deathsMar. 25: 938 deathsApr. 25: 53,755 deathsMay 25: 98,220 deaths
Black Americans and Latinos are nearly three times more likely to personally know someone who has died from coronavirus than white Americans, according to @ABC News/Ipsos poll.    
Nine million people have been tested for coronavirus in Wuhan in the past 10 days. The city has 11 million people.   … via @WSJ
Almost 100,000 Americans have died from the coronavirus.Donald Trump is #MuchVeryGood at killing Americans.
US coronavirus deaths:90 days ago: 0 deaths80 days ago: 12 deaths70 days ago: 65 deaths60 days ago: 938 deaths50 days ago: 8,488 deaths40 days ago: 26,033 deaths30 days ago: 51,017 deaths20 days ago: 67,682 deaths10 days ago: 85,886 deathsRight now: 97,711 deaths
Democrats see Elizabeth Warren as a rising VP contender as coronavirus reshuffles the 2020 race    
Florida man who spit, coughed on police officers after claiming to have the coronavirus indicted on federal terrorism charges    
It's not just that Trump went golfing today, it's that at the height of a pandemic, he's at his other job: making promotional appearances at his struggling business empire.  …
President Trump is golfing at his Virginia club amid the coronavirus pandemic    
DOJ intervenes in case challenging Illinois coronavirus restrictions, says governor went too far   
#Coronavirus: Dr. Anthony Fauci finally admits staying closed for too long could cause 'irreparable damage'  I and many others have been saying this for some time and have been attacked by media for doing so.   …
At press briefing, McEnany displays $100,000 check Pres Trump donating from his presidential salary to @HHSGov for development of medications to prevent and treat Coronavirus.  
Imagine having no water, no electricity, no Internet, inadequate federal aid and relying on Doctors Without Borders to survive the coronavirus pandemic.This is life for Americans in Navajo Nation as the U.S. government, once again, fails tribes.   …
Key Putin ally is sick with coronavirus after calling for COVID-19 patients to be killed: report -   …
The risk of coronavirus when you go out isn't binary. Here's how to think about the risk and how to mitigate it, in a wonderful graphic from @AmandaNorthrop, inspired by @JuliaLMarcus and @EpiEllie.   … 
“I think by Memorial Day weekend we will have the #coronavirus epidemic behind us.” -Michael Richard Pence, leader of White House Coronavirus Task Force. Speaking on G. Rivera radio show 4/24/20
Here's the link to the CDC guidelines on this:    …  …
Please re-Tweet to spread enormous thanks to all who value #caregiving and #caregivers! #Alzheimers #dementia #mentalhealth #COVID19 #coronavirus  
NEW: Pentagon IG Glenn FINE was prepared to lead the effort to monitor the federal coronavirus response.Last month, Trump demoted him. Today he resigned from his job altogether. Details coming from @connorobrienNH
“Karen,” a title that originated as a pointed critique of entitled white women, has gained notoriety during the coronavirus crisis. @kait_tiffany on how no meme better captures the fraught feelings of the moment:  
This is terrible AND further confirms that the #coronavirus lockdowns are unjustified.   …
Democrats see Elizabeth Warren as a rising VP contender as coronavirus reshuffles the 2020 race    
1. Let's be clear about what's happening: The Republican Party is attempting to leverage the coronavirus -- which has killed nearly 100,000 Americans -- to discourage voting The GOP is devoting millions to this effort  …  …
President Donald Trump's Memorial Day weekend was spent golfing and tweeting conspiracies and insults while the US death toll from the coronavirus topped 97,000    
Democratic leaders say President Trump's coronavirus testing plan is "disappointing"    
Number of working black business owners falls 40 percent, far more than other groups amid coronavirus   
On this Memorial Day with #coronavirus deaths approaching 100,000, we should honor not only the men & women who died while serving in US military, but also the countless doctors, nurses, responders who put their lives on the line every day to fight the virus. #MemorialDay2020  
Reported US coronavirus cases:Feb. 24: 53 casesMar. 24: 52,976 casesApr. 24: 890,524 casesMay 24: 1,643,098 cases
Reported US coronavirus deaths:Feb. 24: 0 deathsMar. 24: 704 deathsApr. 24: 51,017 deathsMay 24: 97,711 deaths
Key vaccine trial for #Coronavirus may fail because the virus is disappearing.   …
Trump plays golf for first time since coronavirus emergency   … 
President @realDonaldTrump visited Detroit yesterday, where he held a listening session with African-American community leaders. He joined them in discussing the Coronavirus response, permanent funding for HBCUs, prison reform, and much more.
Fairfax County Health Department responded to my request for nursing home/longterm care facility deaths from COVID-19. As of May 22, there have been 249 coronavirus deaths in these facilities. That's ***75 percent*** of all Fairfax County deaths from coronavirus as of today (330)
There is such a glaring lack of public awareness of the extent to which the U.S. government—the White House and both parties in Congress—is completely failing to protect Americans from the economic carnage of coronavirus, compared to other countries.
Trump says he will not close country if there is a second wave of coronavirus    
The Washington region is 10 percent Latino, but Latinos make up a third of known coronavirus infections. ⁦@aolivo⁩ & ⁦@Marissa_Jae⁩ take a deep look at the disproportionate toll of the virus  …
Trump pays tribute at Arlington National Cemetery on Memorial Day as U.S. virus death toll nears 100,000Live updates:  
New York nursing homes were forced to accept more than 4,500 coronavirus patients from hospitals thanks to an order from New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo.  …  …
During Donald Trump’s #MemorialDay speech in Baltimore, he brought up the fight against the invisible enemy. I’m extremely disappointed he didn’t mention or pay respect to the 100K U.S. citizens who lost their life to #coronavirus.  
CDC confirms remarkably low COVID-19 death rate... where's the media coverage?  …
My mother died this morning. I wasn't able to be by her bedside at her memory care facility in Houston to say goodbye, owing to the coronavirus. For those who really believe the news media relishes this state we're in, I ask you to consult what is left of your humanity.
Tragically, Trump’s anti-science, anti-expert stance has not ended; it continues to take lives.  …
Reported US coronavirus deaths:Feb. 23: 0 deathsMar. 23: 541 deathsApr. 23: 49,861 deathsMay 23: 97.087 deaths
The White House declined to explain why President Trump hasn’t completed an annual physical yet, despite questions this week over his use of a potentially dangerous drug after being exposed to an aide with coronavirus. Latest with @GeoffRBennett  …
1. "A study of 96,000 hospitalized coronavirus patients on six continents found that those who received an antimalarial drug promoted by President Trump as a 'game changer' in the fight against the virus had a significantly higher risk of death compared with those who did not."
NEW hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine study with 96,032  coronavirus patients from 671 hospitals across six continents (!!!) finds exactly what everyone should expect by now:- no benefit- cardiac toxicity - decreased in-hospital survival  …
Antimalarial drug touted by Trump is linked to increased risk of death in coronavirus patients, study says   …
Officer fired for saying it's "unfortunate" more black people didn't die of coronavirus    
Using cellphone data, national study predicts huge June spike in Houston coronavirus cases   …
“Nancy Pelosi tried to overturn voter I.D laws in 35 different states in the #Coronavirus bill!” @JudicialWatch President @TomFitton. More at    
Nearly Half Of Accounts Tweeting About Coronavirus Are Likely Bots aimed at sowing division in America.   …
I will be lowering the flags on all Federal Buildings and National Monuments to half-staff over the next three days in memory of the Americans we have lost to the CoronaVirus....
Fox News Poll: “More Biden supporters (69 percent) than Trump supporters (63 percent) feel extremely motivated to vote.”   …
#BREAKING: Trump says he will not close country if there is a second wave of coronavirus    
Doctors in Northern California say they have seen more deaths from suicide than they’ve seen from the coronavirus during the pandemic.  
America's economic renaissance was delivering huge results for underserved communities—including those who are now hit hardest by the Coronavirus. President @realDonaldTrump has launched a multi-agency mission to bring that renewal back. 
Reported US coronavirus deaths on date:Feb. 22: 0 deathsMar. 22: 413 deathsApr. 22: 46,609 deathsMay 22: 95,979 deaths
A Georgia church closes two weeks after reopening as families come down with coronavirus!   … #Church #StayHome #COVID19
Biden and Buttigieg are co-hosting the former vice president's first "grassroots" fundraiser during the coronavirus pandemic — bringing in $1 million for a campaign that initially struggled to attract small-dollar donations  …
Important nuance here. Yes, epidemiological studies show majority of spread through respiratory droplets and sustained human to human contact. But that doesn’t mean contaminated shared surfaces aren’t also a risk, and cleaning mass transit etc makes sense.  …
Trump says he will not close country if there is a second wave of coronavirus    
Mount Everest visible from more than 120 miles away after coronavirus lockdown clears air    
Reported US coronavirus deaths:80 days ago: 6 deaths70 days ago: 41 deaths60 days ago: 413 deaths50 days ago: 4,780 deaths40 days ago: 20,604 deaths30 days ago: 45,039 deaths20 days ago: 64,943 deaths10 days ago: 80,397 deathsRight now: 94,702 deaths
#BREAKING: Trump to lower flags in memory of coronavirus victims    
Coronavirus has now killed 1 in 400 residents of New York City.
A new study finds nearly half of the Twitter accounts posting about the coronavirus pandemic are likely bots. Researchers said the tweets appeared aimed at sowing division in America.   
Gov. Andrew Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio deflected blame Thursday in the wake of a bombshell study confirming that New York’s elected leaders stalled when it was time to take action on battling the spread of the deadly coronavirus   …
Mental health experts warn that the risk of suicide for veterans may be higher after the #coronavirus crisis wanes than it is right now. Keep an eye out for buddies who may need help.   …
House Democrats held another fake #coronavirus hearing today. Their own witness agreed that it’s time to go back to work. Enough partisan games. Open the economy!  
Trump's coronavirus vaccine czar has extensive investments and ties to drug companies. He has a contract rather than becoming a government employee, which lets him avoid conflict of interest rules and financial disclosure provisions. Deeply troubling.  …
Pastor who claimed to cure coronavirus with his healing hands dies of coronavirus   …
Fear is demonic, fear is of Satan. If you fear dying of coronavirus, or fear infecting others, you have a spiritual problem, not a pandemic problem.
Trump on not having the coronavirus: "And I tested very positively in another sense. So this morning. I tested positively toward negative, right? So no, I tested perfectly this morning. Meaning I tested negative. But that's a way of saying it. Positively toward the negative."
Biden Campaign Senior Adviser @SymoneDSanders appeared on Fox News with @DanaPerino & the host pressed Symone for a specific example of how @realDonaldTrump has lied about #coronavirus to the American people. #SymoneSanders came ready & things shifted!  …
PERMANENTLY SHUT DOWN: Coronavirus prompts Victoria's Secret to permanently close 250 US, Canada stores, including 50 Bath & Body Works stores in the U.S   
Dana Perino wanted proof that Trump has lied (lol) about the coronavirus. @SymoneDSanders had receipts. 
Australian scientists say coronavirus from Wuhan shows sign of laboratory manipulation, contradicting US intelligence claims   …
Analysis: About a sixth of the country relies most on Trump as their source of information about the coronavirus   
Weeks after Kelly Loeffler came under fire for dumping millions in stock following private coronavirus briefings, her husband gave $1M to Trump's super PAC. That appears to be his biggest contribution ever.  
Appeals court temporarily blocks order that would allow Texans afraid of catching the coronavirus to vote by mail    
“The odd thing about reporting on the coronavirus is that the nonexperts are supremely confident in their predictions, while epidemiologists keep telling me that they don’t really know much at all.”  …
A data scientist who created a dashboard to track Florida's cases of the coronavirus says she's been fired from the state's health department for refusing to "manually change data to drum up support for the plan to reopen."   
Anti-Trump coronavirus protest across from the White House— big procession of honking cars, some with “Trump lies, people die” signs on them. And other protesters lining up mock body bags in Lafayette Park in front of the White House  
New: After some confusion, ex-Trump lawyer Michael Cohen will be released from federal prison due to coronavirus concerns and is expected to serve the rest of his 3-year sentence from home.   …
Wilson Roosevelt Jerman, a former White House butler who served 11 presidents from Eisenhower to Obama, has died of coronavirus at age 91  …
.@PressSec rips @ChrisCuomo for criticizing President Trump’s use of hydroxychloroquine while he himself used a “less safe version” of the drug in his own coronavirus treatment regimen   
So today, Pres Trump, who regularly votes by mail, threatened to hold up federal funds for two battleground states--Michigan & Nevada-- bc they are trying to make it easier & safer to vote during the coronavirus pandemic.Then, @PressSec referred Qs about it to Trump campaign.
FACT: Trump's handling of the #coronavirus pandemic has left the US isolated.#ShitholePresident  …
The U.S. has just 4.25% of the world's population and yet 29% of the world's #coronavirus deaths. That statistic is nothing to be proud of - and a scathing indictment by itself of Trump's incompetence.  …
This tweet is also not true: Nevada already allows any voter to vote absentee by mail.The state has switched to all mail in voting, but only for the upcoming primary because of coronavirus.Trump also has no clear authority to hold up federal funding for this reason.   …
Deep State Dept also shut down FOIA, using #coronavirus as an excuse. Now Biden, Comey, McCabe, Obama, Clinton etc will all be protected. @RealDonaldTrump should designate transparency as "essential" gov't function during this time. Are FOIA officials being paid not to work!  …
Breakneck turn from "impeachment was a distraction that kept Trump from focusing on coronavirus" to "we need to find out more about the 2016 transition," almost like they're all completely full of shit.
Reported US coronavirus deaths:80 days ago: 1 death70 days ago: 31 deaths60 days ago: 249 deaths50 days ago: 3,003 deaths40 days ago: 16,684 deaths30 days ago: 40,677 deaths20 days ago: 60,966 deaths10 days ago: 78,794 deathsRight now: 91,921 deaths
CDC has posted 60 pages of detailed guidelines on how to reopen; with descriptive, detailed road maps for schools, restaurants, businesses, transit and child care facilities on the issues to consider before reopening.  …
Here is every state in America's rating of Trump's handling of coronavirus in Electoral College format.I'm not kidding.  … 
CDC now says coronavirus 'does not spread easily' via contaminated surfaces   
PA Gov Wolf is lying about nursing home coronavirus numbers to cover up the fact he committed senicide"Nursing home operators were puzzling over where the state obtained the numbers it made public, with some saying the figures did not match"  …
WH Press Sec Kayleigh McEnany says CNN Anchor Chris Cuomo took a "less safe" version of hydroxychloroquine than the one Pres Trump is taking as she criticizes Cuomo.Note: Cuomo had the coronavirus. Trump continues to say he has tested negative for the virus repeatedly.
This tweet has now been resent to say "applications" were sent to all voters. But it's still not true that this was done illegally. All Michigan voters are, by state law, entitled to vote by mail. Applications are sent out all the time, including before the coronavirus pandemic.   …
"Occupancy in our ICU has reached a critical point & Montgomery hospitals are now referring some cases to Birmingham," says the mayor of Montgomery. The 4 counties making up the Montgomery metro area have seen 721 new cases since May 4, a 110% increase.  …
Beginning May 26, USDA will be accepting applications from agricultural producers who have suffered losses due to the coronavirus pandemic. Program details are specific to agricultural commodities and can be found at   #CFAP #AgTwitter 
Reported US coronavirus cases on date:Feb. 19: 15 casesMar. 19: 13,229 casesApr. 19: 759,467 casesMay 19: 1,528,568 cases
I'm more afraid of government overreach than coronavirus.
BREAKING: A federal judge has ordered that Texas must give all of its 16 million voters the option of casting mail ballots amid #coronavirus concerns.#VoteByMail2020  …
Scoop: Multiple US Attorneys Offices, including the Southern District of NY, wanted to handle investigations of lawmakers for coronavirus insider trading. But all the investigations have been centralized in the DC US Attorney's Office, w/ Public Integrity  …
.@realDonaldTrump believes that coronavirus numbers are a “badge of honor.” You should not take pride in the death of Americans, especially when faster action could have saved lives. #coronavirus
On tomorrow's front page: Racial hostility has left Asian American doctors and nurses in a painful position on the front lines of the response to the coronavirus pandemic. And they're facing increased harassment in their daily lives, too.  …
WATCH: Trump says he views our 1.5 million confirmed coronavirus cases as a "badge of honor."We view it as a complete failure of leadership.  
Told that the FDA warned against using hydroxychloroquine for the coronavirus outside of a hospital or clinical trial, Trump said, "No, that's not what I was told. No."That is exactly what the FDA said.   … 
A death metal drummer got the coronavirus, says he was visited by Satan while in a coma and now doesn't "think Satan's quite as cool as I used to."  …
Trump wants 7.6% payroll tax cut to help staunch coronavirus economic pain: Kudlow   
“The Massive Trump Coronavirus Supply Effort that the Media Loves to Hate” @RichLowry  …
After days of negotiation McConnell had a bill text. But then... Nancy Pelosi comes back to Washington (the House had been on vacation for over a week). We all know what happened next -- Democrats filibustered Coronavirus relief. Twice.  …
NEW: I obtained a recording of a recent call with top Trump admin officials discussing a June 24 "hard stop" for the 40k+ National Guard members who are the backbone of coronavirus testing/contact tracing/food delivery in many states   …
A must read from @itscaitlinhd.Hundreds of migrant children and teenagers have been swiftly deported by American authorities amid the coronavirus pandemic without the opportunity to speak to a social worker or plea for asylum.   …
During the coronavirus pandemic, Planned Parenthood has hoarded PPE needed by healthcare workers actually saving lives, remained open for the sole purpose of ending the lives the most vulnerable, & wrongfully taken $80 million from small businesses in need.  
Illegal Aliens In California Can Now Begin Applying For Coronavirus Assistance    via @dailycaller @thejasonhopkins
It’s still happening. Important read by @TracyJan:“A man followed the Chinese American doctor from the Boston hospital, spewing a profanity-laced racist tirade as she walked to the subway. ‘Why are you Chinese people killing everyone?’”  …
Opinion: The WHO has been more effective at fighting the coronavirus than Trump has. No wonder he hates it.   
Coronavirus death toll surpasses 90,000 as all 50 U.S. states take steps toward reopening   
White House coronavirus vaccine advisor Moncef Slaoui divested his $12M worth of Moderna stock effective this morning, per an HHS spokesperson.Fortuitous timing -- that's AFTER the stock spiked 20% over its vaccine hype but BEFORE it fell 10% today.   …
The World Health Organization’s response to the Coronavirus has been filled with one misstep and cover-up after another.Last night, President Trump sent a letter to Dr. Tedros, Director-General of the WHO, outlining 14 serious concerns.1600 Daily:    
NOW THAT YOU ARE DISTRACTED ... “This is the most massive deregulation of radioactive waste in U.S. history,” said Daniel Hirsch.  “And they are doing it under the cover of the coronavirus pandemic, when everyone’s attention is focused on other things.”   
We're making the June issue of @SciAm free. Come for the coronavirus coverage, stay for how planets are made, the evolution of hands, and a multi-state disagreement over the length of a foot.    …
“As most of the residents make their living in marketplaces, residents are getting angry that the government is shutting them down. [Authorities] aren’t paying attention to the livelihood of residents that have become more difficult due to coronavirus.”  …
I learned so much while reporting this story about just how vital the National Guard is to the coronavirus relief effort. In Washington State, for example, they make up a full third of the team working on contact tracing.   …
Leftist media suppressing the truth to hurt @RealDonaldTrump. India officially recommends and EXPANDED use of #Hydroxycloroquine as a #coronavirus PREVENTATIVE for those on the front lines!  FDA?! @RealDonaldTrump   …  …
"Return to the office now? That’s crazy talk," @juliettekayyem writes. "I’m only telling you what you already know."  
The French government has purchased 400 million N95s. Jared Kushner’s signature “Project Airbridge” has secured 768 thousand.  …
Analysis: 49 of 50 governors have better coronavirus poll numbers than Trump   
Opinion: Trump is using the coronavirus as a cover to abuse his authority   
The latest HCQ NEWS!  …
Health experts urge Trump to welcome foreign migrants w/ coronavirus. Migrants have a right to seek asylum & can be trusted to self-quarantine after they're released to their families, say the experts.But poor migrants want to work, not to self-isolate.  
Reported US coronavirus deaths:80 days ago: 0 deaths70 days ago: 26 deaths60 days ago: 195 deaths50 days ago: 2,425 deaths40 days ago: 14,817 deaths30 days ago: 38,903 deaths20 days ago: 58,356 deaths10 days ago: 77,179 deathsRight now: 90,347 deaths
As Russia nears 300,000 coronavirus cases, Pres. Vladimir Putin's popularity is sinking. @mchancecnn reports.    
Two churches reclose after faith leaders and congregants get coronavirus   
We’ve taken hundreds of temporary deregulatory actions during our COVID response — and we’re going to continue. This E.O. will ask agencies to make permanent any deregulation possible & look for more ways to deregulate to get the economy going.  
Asian American doctors and nurses are fighting racism and the coronavirus. Important, from @TracyJan  …
Coronavirus hits European economies but governments help shield workers - The Washington Post   …
Pastor refuses to apologize for exposing 180 churchgoers to coronavirus: ‘Jesus didn’t defend himself — so I don’t have to’   …
WATCH: Coronavirus and the real impact on workers in America   …
If we reopen too soon, it will only prolong the pain of the #coronavirus.  …
Perspective: We’re flattening the coronavirus curve.We can flatten the climate curve, too.   
In February, VA Secretary Robert Wilkie declined an offer of help from Congress to prepare for the coronavirus pandemic. Now, he's asking the public for donations to help homeless veterans.Advocates say another $1.3B is needed to help homeless vets.  …
The Trump Administration is launching a sweeping new initiative: the Coronavirus Food Assistance Program!  
The Coronavirus Food Assistance Program (CFAP) will provide up to $16 billion in direct payments to deliver relief to America’s farmers & ranchers impacted by the coronavirus pandemic. Applications will be accepted through @usdafsa beginning May 26 -    
Activists beg governors to free illegal immigrants from ICE custody during coronavirus    via @washtimes
The architect and manager of Florida’s coronavirus dashboard says she was removed from her position because she was ordered to censor some data, but refused to "manually change data to drum up support for the plan to reopen.”   …
We are now supporting 100 countries in their fight against #COVID19 - home to 70% of the world's population. That's helping strengthen health systems, protect the poorest, and support jobs.  
As a reminder, NCI and @NIAIDNews would like your input on research approaches and priorities related to #SARSCoV2 serology:   … #COVID19 #Coronavirus  
The chart is about the Spanish Flue. The pandemic caused by China could kill more people in the second wave. Indeed, Humanity will survive, then we all need to hold China Accountable. #CCPViurs #coronavirus  
People living in the poorest New York City neighborhoods are dying from coronavirus at more than double the rate of more affluent neighborhoods  …
I just want you all to know, I heard (voices in my head saying) RUM cures #coronavirus, and a lot of people (who sail the high seas looking for treasure) are drinking it as a preventative (against being sober). I am thus taking a (platoon’s) dose of rum each day. Thank you.  
Reported US coronavirus deaths on date:Feb. 18: 0 deathsMar. 18: 149 deathsApr. 18: 38,903 deathsMay 18: 90,347 deaths
Top Republicans are pumping the brakes on new coronavirus stimulus spending."I don't see the need right now," Kevin McCarthy told @mkraju on Tuesday when asked about another package.  …
Just In: A 15-year-old girl from Baltimore County died after getting infected with coronavirus, health officials say. She's the youngest known COVID-19 victim in Maryland.   
Ga. church closes two weeks after reopening as families come down with coronavirus   …
ICE detainee dies of apparent suicide after failing to win coronavirus release   
How Trump is thanking National Guard troops on the coronavirus frontlines    
Greenhouse gas emissions plunged 17 percent during pandemic - but it’s unlikely to last.  …
“Global emissions plunged an unprecedented 17 percent during the coronavirus pandemic”   …
Georgia gave false numbers for the COVID-19 curve and pushed for the state to re-open based on them. It's hard to believe that this was not intentional and now many will die as a result. For all of the states following Kemp's model of re-open, WAKE UP.   …
Porn is booming during the pandemic, but it's also becoming a lot more social, with things like cooking classes with models and fan subscription sites. It's happening in part because people are looking for human intimacy while on lockdown.   …
Andrew Cuomo defends making nursing homes accept coronavirus patients  
Over 150 corporations call for climate change considerations in coronavirus recovery effort    
Surgical masks can reduce coronavirus spread by 75 percent: researchers    
Join us tomorrow 5/20/20 for our free webinar Putting the Brakes on Speeding During the Pandemic – read the press release  #coronavirus #speeding #trafficcalming  
The coronavirus pandemic is exposing the racial and age inequalities embedded in the nation’s bus and subway stops, as transit workers contract the disease in stunning numbers.   
Opinion: The coronavirus pandemic is developing in the shadow of famine. The combination would be deadly.   
While Burr sat on committees focused on health care, taxes and trade, he and his wife bought and sold hundreds of thousands of dollars of stock in an array of health care companies, banks and corporations with business overseas.  …
Trump issued a flurry of angry messages against Fox News’ Neil Cavuto after the host criticized the president for saying he’d been taking hydroxychloroquine as a preventive measure against coronavirus  …
If your name is **coronavirus** please go away. ~thx~  
How a Guatemalan girl ended up alone under guard in a hotel, waiting to be deported amid coronavirus @latimes  
A medical crisis is not the time to talk about stopping all legal immigration. It’s the time to welcome more skilled immigrants to help fight coronavirus.LEARN MORE:   Join the conversation with #CatoImmigration. Follow #CatoCOVID for more  about COVID-19 
New York admits purposely undercounting nursing home deaths after changing reporting rules  
DOD #coronavirus numbers for May 19:  
Live now, Military Times' @LeoShane discusses how the Dept. of Veterans Affairs is handling coronavirusDial in now!   202-748-8000 | VETERANS202-748-8001 | ALL OTHERS 
Washington state ordered $227.5 million in coronavirus supplies from a Chinese firm, but deliveries have trickled in   … via @seattletimes
Unemployment for Americans age 55 and up jumped from 2.6% in January to 13.6% in April, putting their long-term financial security at risk.  Older workers have a harder time finding new jobs, and many are dipping into savings meant for retirement.  …
According to new poll results, many Europeans say they will refuse the coronavirus vaccine when available. One fifth of Swiss respondents and 18% of those in France would refuse. 16% of Austrians as well.  …
The Department of Homeland Security tells CREW that FEMA can find no records of criteria it uses to make distributions to states from the Strategic National Stockpile to address the coronavirus pandemic    …
Former WHO official says coronavirus could "burn out naturally" before a vaccine is available    
Coronavirus Not Slowing Russian, Chinese Space Activities, US General Says    
Some officials in Prince George’s County say Maryland isn’t giving the county enough resources to fight the coronavirus.   
Reported US coronavirus cases on date:Feb. 18: 15 casesMar. 18: 8,736 casesApr. 18: 734,969 casesMay 18: 1,508,308 cases
The more people that #coronavirus kills, the more we realize there is an American subculture that not only rejects science but refuses to accept the facts of reality.
Trump’s attacks on the WHO would have more credibility if he hadn’t said the coronavirus go away on its own “like a miracle” as late as February 27   …
Illegal Aliens In California Can Now Begin Applying For Coronavirus Assistance   …
Trump admitted he takes hydroxychloroquine, despite testing negative for coronavirus.But health experts warn doing so could lead to serious heart problems and other complications from the decades-old drug.  …
Air travel looks like kindergarten: Raise your hand to go to the lavatory. Plus, it’s like Jesus said: the last shall be first. In the new world of coronavirus-proof air travel, the people at the back of the plane get to go first.   …
'Probable' coronavirus cases in December alter U.S. timeline  … 
Drop your best coronavirus/quarantine memes 
"Preserving habitats for wildlife and preserving our world is a human health issue, not just a wildlife or environmental issue."  …
So it turns out that it's Jared Kushner and two of his friends that are on his coronavirus task force all invested at one point in Oscar Health, the startup founded and run by Kushner's brother. This is exactly why we have conflict of interest laws.  …
Trump is lying about coronavirus cases  
On Meet the Press, Peter Navarro suggests stay at home orders correlate with “more suicides” & hence “kill many more people” than the coronavirus. That’s unproven.     …
Don’t forget that 11 days ago the White House tried to sell the public on the idea that there would be no more US coronavirus deaths after today. They’re making it up as they go along.   …
Is the coronavirus producing Ingraham’s show?   …
Coming clean: I publicly praised Cuomo early on in his response to the coronavirus. I feel extremely guilty for doing this with all the fantastic reporting that has come out since. I was too eager to find strong leadership at a time when I knew the country was unprepared.
In a sane country the decoupling we’re seeing between the coronavirus death toll in the US and other places that have taken the steps necessary to get things under control would make it impossible for Trump to win another term. We don’t live in a sane country.   …
An insect flies by the mouth of President @realdonaldtrump as he participates in a coronavirus covid-19 vaccine development event in the Rose Garden at the White House on Friday, May 15, 2020 in Washington, DC. #trump #politics  – at The White House
Here’s Trump saying that coronavirus testing might be “overrated”  
This is most consequential with regard to coronavirus, but applies to basically whatever Trump gets interested in—ie North Korea, where he put on a show of diplomacy that disrupted the real thing without accomplishing anything. He plays President just enough to screw things up.   …
OFFICE OF THE VP/EOPWEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 2020 EDT1:00 PM VPOTUS leads a Video Teleconference Call with Higher Education Leaders, The White House, Closed Press 2:30 PM VPOTUS leads a White House Coronavirus Task Force meeting, The White House, Closed Press ###  
Hey  — Asian American here fed up with this faux outrage by the mainstream media. President Trump & the Task Force have been talking nonstop about China and the WHO’s mismanagement of the coronavirus for months. Making this about the journalist’s race is dishonest, CNN.   …
H1N1 killed about 12,500 Americans. Coronavirus has killed 80,000 Americans and counting in a much shorter span of time.   …
Some coronavirus tests are only 70 percent accurate. None are perfect.   …
Pence press secretary Katie Miller is the only person in this photo without a mask. Today news broke that she has coronavirus.  
ICYMI: Trump's response to ABC asking him why he wasn't more prepared for the coronavirus was, "Well, I'll be honest, uh, I have a lot of things going on."Yes, that's a real quote.  
A poll conducted by KSTP, the conservative TV station in the Twin Cities, finds that 82% of Minnesotans approve of Gov Walz’s (D) coronavirus response. The same poll finds just 34% approve of Trump’s response. You can almost taste the tears in this writeup   …
Who needs coronavirus testing when you have expressions of love as sincere as the Costco employee on Idiocracy   …
The media is reporting on grim coronavirus models developed by Trump’s own government   …
In span of just two weeks, Trump has quietly doubled the projected US coronavirus death toll   …
How the Trump White House moved the coronavirus death toll goalposts to over 100,000 from 50,000, in one 40 second clip  
2,000 Americans a day are dying from the coronavirus and Trump has posted multiple tweets this weekend lauding boaters for slapping his name and merch on their boats   …
The Blue Angels just roared over my neighborhood in DC. It’s pretty incredible that the same country that can build those fighter jets can’t manufacture enough coronavirus tests, ventilators and personal protective equipment.
1. It’s odd that Trump is now publicly ordering his chief of staff around on Twitter 2. Trump doesn’t like the fact that his testing talking points are undercut by there not being enough coronavirus tests for US senators3. It’s “Capitol Hill”  
04/30/2020   Time-lapse of the Navy hospital ship USNS Comfort sent to relieve stressed New York City hospitals as coronavirus cases surged returns to its homeport in Norfolk, V.A. April 30, 2020 in NewYork City, N.Y.  
Trump wants you to believe his government’s coronavirus response is the envy of the world. This graph refutes him.  
NEWS: Sen. Kamala Harris Is Introducing A Bill To Address The Racial Disparity In Coronavirus Cases And Deaths   … via @kadiagoba
I interviewed Mohammed Atiku Abubakar who is the son to the former Vice President of Nigeria Atiku Abubakar, Mohammed has recovered from the deadly Coronavirus and he told me that he didn’t feel any symptoms before and while he had the disease. @Mo_Atiku  …
History is a cruel ironist. It’s increasingly evident that we had the @UKLabour leadership and the economic programme that we needed—now more than ever, in the era of coronavirus—and it was sacrificed on the altar of ultra-Remain Europhilia, just thrown away, and all for nothing!
1) Coronavirus tests are not 100% accurate 2) Pence could contract the virus between tests 3) How about showing some leadership?   …
Reupping this in light of the report that warnings about the coronavirus were in the President’s Daily Brief throughout January and February.   …
Trump enjoyed a weekend-long vacation at Mar-a-Lago *last month* that turned into a coronavirus vector and featured a golf outing with the Washington Nationals. He’s traveled to eight political rallies since the first US Covid-19 case was reported.   …
Feb. 28, 2020: “Now the Democrats are politicizing the coronavirus. … We did one of the great jobs. … And this is their new hoax. But you know, we did something that’s been pretty amazing. We’re 15 people [infected] in this massive country.“Video below:   …
Trump said the coronavirus would miraculously go away on its own without anyone dying. Democrats said he needed to take it more seriously. So who was lying?   …
OFFICE OF THE VICE PRESIDENTSATURDAY, APRIL 25,​ 20204:00 PM​ ​THE VICE PRESIDENT leads a White House Coronavirus Task Force meeting​, Situation Room  
I had this totally crazy dream last night that the president of the United States suggested injecting people with cleaning agents as a coronavirus treatment.  Wonder what it means.
trump just suggested injecting isopropyl alcohol into people with coronavirus, so that’s enough science for the day
Science and Technology Director at DHS:- Solar light and humidity have a powerful effect, helping KILL Coronavirus  
#HAPPENINGNOW: White House Briefing 4/23/20- House ready to pass latest addition to Paycheck Relief- Wealthy Institutions like Harvard,  Stanford to return stimulus $- 46 states reported drops in daily Coronavirus cases- Continued diligence essential part of strategy @OANN 
“We’ve had viruses for years” — Las Vegas mayor Goodman is completely oblivious to the reality that coronavirus is mainly a public health crisis & not just a business problem. It’s amazing people like this get elected to positions of great responsibility.  
President Trump blasted #harvarduniversity for getting #coronavirus aid but school says: “Harvard did not apply for, nor has it received any funds through the U.S. Small Business Administration’s Paycheck Protection Program.” Harvard got CARES Act $ for struggling students
One day I hope that when media figures or politicians criticize the idea of placing any blame on China for the coronavirus outbreak they’ll be rightfully labeled as holding a fringe position out of step with the American public or international consensus   …
WOW — Gov Cuomo just said on @msnbc that New York DOES NOT need the USNS Comfort anymore... “If anyplace else needs it, send it to them.” #coronavirus
Now: nurses from National Nurses United protest lack of PPE outside the White House while holding signs showing pictures of their colleagues who have died of coronavirus. They’re standing on X’s 6 ft apart to maintain social distancing.  
Lies! He left the WH for a rally on 2/28. He wouldn’t answer my question about the coronavirus, and that night referred to it as the new Democratic Hoax at the rally. @realDonaldTrump  …
TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 20204:00PM POTUS meets with the Governor of New York State, Oval Office, Closed Press.Briefing Schedule: 5:00PM Members of the Coronavirus Task Force hold a press briefing, James S. Brady Briefing Room, On Camera###  
About 1,500 Americans died from the coronavirus today and the president is retweeting a bunch of nonsense about the Russia investigation
.@Yamiche asks why Trump takes it personally when there is criticism of U.S. #coronavirus testing. He says he doesn’t view it personally,  but no matter what he does and how well he does it, he gets no credit.
NYC Pride Cancelled East Coast Gays: We’ll do ATL pride in the fall! Coronavirus:  
We need to HAMMER OVER & OVER that coronavirus is carried by people with ZERO symptoms. That is a nuance that a lot of people simply cannot appreciate. Also, people don’t seem to understand how much more contagious it is than anything we’ve dealt with. #WhereAreTheTests
Eight days after this debate Trump said of the coronavirus, "It's going to disappear. One day it's like a miracle, it will disappear.” Days later he went for a weekend-long vacation at Mar-a-Lago, including golf, that became a vector for the virus.   …
PENCE: "We are literally doing more than 150,000 tests a day now."REALITY: The US has been doing about that many coronavirus tests a day for a month. It may sound like a lot but it's not close to enough.   … 
This hero taxi driver will take patients to the hospital without charging for weeks! The heroes health workers gave him a well deserved recognition, including a negative #coronavirus test!    …
“Nobody could have ever seen something like this coming .... “—Trump, March 25. “The possibility of a pandemic is a challenge Donald Trump is unqualified to handle as president. ... The outbreak of a new coronavirus ... will get worse before it gets better.”—Biden, Jan. 29.
A weird thing is happening as the death toll grows: the marginal political impact of each death has gone down. We are past 35k and coronavirus is now the leading cause of death, and it’s not driving the discussion, perhaps because hospitals now have more of a handle on it.
With safe precautions, it is time for the American people to get back to work. Too many families are suffering during this hard economic time. If the economy keeps moving in this direction, it could cause far worse problems than the Coronavirus ever could.Re-open America!
Very sad. Prince George’s County, Maryland Lawmaker Loses 4 Family Members to the Coronavirus in New York City. NBC Washington’s Shomari Stone Reports. VIDEO @NBCNewYork 
Trump is hammering the WHO for “praising” China’s coronavirus response while announcing he’s freezing funding But Trump himself repeatedly praised China early on:  
President Trump:- Inability of WHO to obtain Coronavirus samples from China is testament to their suspicious allegiances.- Had WHO done its job the outbreak could have been contained at its source in China.- Instead WHO took all China statements at face value, pushed misinfo.
#HappeningNow: Daily White House Briefing 4/14/20- Officially HALTING WHO funding until US can investigate why WHO helped China cover up Coronavirus Outbreak- Trump ignored WHO and banned China travel; a decision that saved American lives - Border Control saves lives.@OANN 
NEWS: @prioritiesUSA up with another new ad targeting Trump’s coronavirus response in FL, MI, PA, WIThe ad contrasts Trump downplaying masks/ventilators requests with doctors/nurses sounding the alarm, first on @ABC News w @kendallkarson @JTHVerhovek  …
3:30 PM THE VICE PRESIDENT joins THE PRESIDENT for a meeting with Healthcare Executives, Cabinet RoomBRIEFING SCHEDULE:5:00 PM Members of the Coronavirus Task Force hold a press briefing, Rose Garden, On Camera ~ Livestream here:    
OFFICE OF THE VICE PRESIDENTTUESDAY, APRIL 14, 2020 EDT11:30 AM THE VICE PRESIDENT joins THE PRESIDENT for a meeting with recovered COVID-19 patients, Cabinet Room2:30 PM THE VICE PRESIDENT leads a White House Coronavirus Task Force meeting, Situation Room  
Trump is now retweeting posts calling for him to fire Dr Fauci because Fauci pointed out the obvious — that earlier action from Trump responding to the coronavirus would’ve saved lives   …
The coronavirus was already spreading within America’s borders by the time the China travel restrictions went into effect in early February   …
Trump is actually claiming Congress was too distracted by coronavirus, not that he was. But that attempt at revisionist history is belied by tweets like the one below, which was posted on the same day as Trump’s acquittal.   …
Trump’s acquittal was Feb 5. He held four political rallies & had a Florida golf vacation between that date and Feb 27, when he claimed coronavirus would go away on its own “like a miracle.” The claim he was “distracted by impeachment” is total BS.   …
Dear PhDs who have become newly-minted doctors in the midst of the coronavirus,Thank you for being an inspiration & guiding light to so many other scholars right now. Thank you for reminding the world that academia never stops.Thank you for motivating us all.@AcademicChatter
The U.S. lost 10,000 people to coronavirus in the last five days.
@realDonaldTrump WHO failed in their #coronavirus response? Like declaring a global pandemic one month before you did? You’re a buffoon. 11.03.2020 we end your reign of lethal stupidity. Legally, peacefully. #trumpcovidfails 
Per @maddow over 2K nursing home #coronavirus deaths already. No Federal response. No tracking. No help from the GOP. Don’t ever tell me the GOP cherishes life, or has any respect for anyone other than themselves. #VoteBlueToEndThisNightmare
I am introducing legislation to repeal any regulation that was waived during the coronavirus public health emergency. My bill will also leave modified any regulation that was modified during the emergency period, unless Congress enacts a law to reinstate them.
NEW: Trump's approval for his handling of coronavirus crisis continues to be underwaterLast week: 47% approval, 52% disapprovalThis week: 44% approval 55% disapproval  More on @ABC Ipsos poll from @kendallkarson  … 
NBC Washington’s Shomari Stone Reports: Miriam’s Kitchen Provides Food for DC Homeless Community. @miriamskitchen #coronavirus  
The Attorney General went on Fox News, spouted a bunch of dangerous coronavirus truther–adjacent nonsense about stay-at-home orders and chloroquine, then bashed the media and Robert Mueller. The Federalist Society made this man its hero and he is truly the hero it deserves.   …
We can take that as a concession that minimizing the coronavirus threat was harmful.   …
#HAPPENINGNOW: Daily Coronavirus TaskForce 4/8/20- POTUS spoke with 10k of America’s Faith leaders; encouraging Americans apart to self reflect and pray in this time.- Spoke with 3k mayors for updates; virus may end much more quickly than first estimated.#Passover2020@OANN 
Amid the coronavirus pandemic, Trump is trying to find reasons why mail-in voting is bad. It isn’t going well.   …
Trump on March 30 on why he opposed funding for mail-in voting as part of a coronavirus stimulus bill: "They have things, levels of voting, that if you ever agreed to it, you’d never have a Republican elected in this country again.”  
One month ago today Trump told us he didn’t want to let people off a coronavirus-infected cruise ship because he didn’t want the number of US cases to go up. More than 10,800 Americans have died from Covid-19 since then.   …
.@jonkarl: Will we get back to normal in this country before there's a vaccine?FAUCI: If back to normal means acting like there never was a coronavirus problem, I don't think that's going to happen until we do have a situation where you can completely protect the population  
“Hundreds of thousands if not millions could die from coronavirus if we don’t take action.”Them: “No way, this is all a conspiracy.”*America takes action and quarantines and virus gets less serious*Them: “See! I told you this wasn’t a big deal!”
Starting April 6, DC will conduct #coronavirus tests on Mondays, Wednesdays & Fridays (10am – 2pm) at United Medical CenterAn appointment is required & must be scheduled thru the Testing Triage Call Center: 855-363-0333There is no on-site registration#StayHomeDC saves lives – at United Medical Center
MONDAY, APRIL 6, 2020 EDT12:30PM @POTUS has lunch with the Vice President, Private Dining RoomBriefing Schedule: 5:00PM Members of the Coronavirus Task Force hold a press briefing, James S. Brady Briefing Room, On Camera: LIVESTREAM link here:    
I’m just a civil engineer, what do I know - right?What if coronavirus and Chloroquine leads us to a very inexpensive cure to cancer?Release of cures?Cancer is a fungal disease.  Could chloroquine prevent cancer cells from taking root?Just asking.   …
NEW: The Trump administration is doubling down on sanctions against Venezuela, Iran in the face of the coronavirus—a reminder that even a global pandemic isn't enough to stop the goals of the military-industrial complex...  
It goes both ways.  If @realDonaldTrump had declared coronavirus a huge danger that came from Mars, Fox hosts would have endlessly prattled on about how brilliant Trump was for creating the Space Force.    It’s a pernicious feedback loop of ignorance, idiocy, and illusion.   …
It would be terrific if some person or group with the money did a simple and serious television PSA on coronavirus, without political commentary, that merely says:  Do what public-health experts say, and don’t listen to the president.
The @WhiteHouse Coronavirus Task Force Briefing, led by @VP @Mike_Pence, is scheduled for a 3.30pm EDT start today. Join us LIVE here, from 4.30Ppm -    
“[As] the president’s subordinates were growing increasingly alarmed, Trump … exhibit[ed] little concern. ... The [Feb. 10] New Hampshire rally was one of eight ... held after he had been told about the coronavirus, a period when he also went to his golf courses six times.”   …
OFFICE OF THE VICE PRESIDENTSATURDAY, APRIL 4 2020 EDT1:30 PM THE @VP leads a White House Coronavirus Task Force meeting, Situation RoomBriefing Schedule:3:30 PM Members of the Coronavirus Task Force hold a press briefing, On Camera. LIVESTREAM here:    
Pink says she and her 3 year-old son Jameson tested positive for Coronavirus two weeks ago and have since recovered. Announces $1 million donation.  
getting ready to go to the hardware store amid the coronavirus outbreak like  
Brian Kilmeade tried to Foxsplain unproven coronavirus drug treatments to Dr. Anthony Fauci. It did not go great.  
President Trump shows the results of his second Coronavirus test using the new Abbott test; President Trump tests negative for the virus.  
@realDonaldTrump Ignorance is more deadly than #coronavirus.  Your incompetence is the invisible enemy.  MAGAts threatening #AnthonyFauci & GOP governors are symptoms. You’re patient zero.On 11.03.2020 immunization begins. 
Changing of the guard... Coronavirus TaskForce switches from Admirals and Generals back to VP, Dr. Fauci, Dr. Birx, and Acting DHS Wolfe.  
Trump isn’t to blame for the coronavirus but he is at fault for the fact we’re now regarding an outcome where 200,000 Americans die as a victory. No other country is facing a death toll anywhere near that number.
Remember when Trump got mad at & sidelined the CDC’s Nancy Messonnier b/c stocks sank after she said on Feb 25 that coronavirus would result in “severe” life disruption? Turns out she was right & then some.Meanwhile, Trump the next day talked about virus disappearing by itself.
 Flags at half-staff at the Embassy of #Italy in Washingtin DC to honor the victims of #coronavirus. We stand in solidarity with all those who have lost their loved ones, family, and friends.   – at Embassy of Italy
TUESDAY, MARCH 31, 2020 EDT2:30PM @POTUS participates in a phone call with network service providers Briefing Schedule:5:00PM Members of the Coronavirus Task Force hold a press briefing, James S. Brady Briefing Room, On Camera - LIVE on #GEORGE w/ CHAT   
Thanks for all your thoughts and prayers. My family appreciates you all.Here is a quick behind the scenes look at how we are doing our job in the age of COVID-19 & social distancing with a “mic extension.” @nbcwashington VIDEO.#coronavirus #BehindTheScenes #SocialDistancing 
I am quoted in this @baltimoresun article emphasizing the need for data on how the outbreak is impacting vulnerable communities: Lawmakers push for racial breakdown in Maryland’s public coronavirus data, seek to spot disparities early   … @JHhealthequity
I want to personally thank every doctor working to keep us healthy and safe especially during this #covid19 #coronavirus outbreak. Your sacrifice, dedication, passion and skill is unmatched. #DoctorsDay 
Coronavirus turning my wife into a ninja and I'm absolutely DYING of laughter  
The #coronavirus has revealed a pandemic of stupidity that’s infected the White House & Republican-led Senate. A minority of the nation who believes the liar-in-chief show symptoms as well. It’ll be up to the majority to save what’s left of the nation. #NovemberIsComing
Trump was president for 3 years before coronavirus came to the country. Blaming the lack of preparedness on Obama is pathetic.   …
As @marcorubio noted earlier today, some in the media absolutely have appeared to celebrate the US surpassing all other countries in confirmed coronavirus cases (largely to go after @realDonaldTrump).Here are just a few examples, via @DailyCaller:  …
The @WhiteHouse & @CDCgov, in partnership w/ @Apple, have launched a new COVID-19 website + app that will provide a screening tool for #CoronavirusSymptoms as well as latest information from trusted sources about the coronavirus outbreak. Check it out    
Trump was pushing complete BS about the coronavirus during a crucial period in which the government should’ve been preparing. Suffice it to say it won’t be going away on its own next month.   …
Journos: “How dare Marco Rubio say that ‘some in the media’ celebrate reporting that the U.S. has the most coronavirus cases in the world!!”Some in the media:  
CHUCK TODD: Do you think there is blood on the president's hands, considering the slow coronavirus response?JOE BIDEN: "I think that's a little too harsh."  
TAPPER: When you say Trump’s denial was deadly, are you saying his downplaying ultimately costs lives?PELOSI: "Yes I am ... when he was signing the [coronavirus] bill, he said, 'just think, 20 days ago everything was great.' No, everything wasn't great."  
the Trump administration downplayed the looming threat of coronavirus and sent nearly 17.8 tons of PPE and other medical supplies to China weeks before WHO declared a global pandemic. now the US has a shortage of those medical supplies. Sheer incompetence and negligence   …
New this morning: It’s early — both in terms of the coronavirus, and for general election polling altogether. But so far President Trump’s vote share against Joe Biden is lagging behind his bouncing approval ratings.   …
A source close to Rodriguez told @ABC the call with Trump was “pleasant” adding that Trump was seeking thoughts from ARod about the coronavirus response. Sources say there was no discussion of AROD or his fiancé Jennifer Lopez taking on any official effort.
During marathon day of meetings earlier this week, President Trump continued outreach across the country regarding coronavirus & phoned former Yankees baseball player Alex Rodriguez. Multiple sources tell ABC, the president spoke to ARod from the Oval Office via me & @KFaulders
Trump was president for a full 3 years and some change before coronavirus hit and Republicans are still trying to blame it on Obama   …
We've launched our #COVID5050 campaign with five asks for better, more gender-responsive approaches to health security. #GlobalHealth health security depends on women! Read more about our asks here:    @devex | #Covid19 #coronavirus #Operation5050
.@washingtonpost reporters are repeating fake news that @realDonaldTrump called the coronavirus a “hoax” — even though their own outlet gave the claim “Four Pinocchios.”One reporter acknowledged her false report, but the other has stayed silent:  …
NEW: we read the massive coronavirus relief bill (that came out and passed late last night) and here is what is in it for people and businesses.All the people and all the businesses, basically. *Read* here:   …
Corona virus can love on the sole of your shoes for 5 days, DO NOT WEAR SHOES IN YOUR HOUSE.
US sees its deadliest day yet with over 200 coronavirus deaths. Ya Salam....
RT to thank @ChrisVanHollen for standing up for Washington, DC as #coronavirus aid is withheld from our residents & our doctors, nurses, first responders, frontline workers...Senator VanHollen is right: it is shameful & it is outrageousWe must right this unconscionable wrong!   …
I thought this was the Corona virus   …
Whoever said you can’t make a ho into a housewife did not anticipate coronavirus.
Most interesting part of this cease and desist letter from Trump denying he said “coronavirus was a hoax” is his reliance on @washingtonpost fact check — which has also found he lied over 16,000 times!   …
This is unfairDC residents pay federal income taxes like residents in the StatesTo put this injustice in context, the $725M shortage is half of DCs $1.4B rainy day fund which we have built w over two decades of sound financial management#coronavirus #stimulusbill #COVID2019  …
The true measure of a leader is how they rise to meet a challenge/crisis. Like more than 60% of Americans, I am enormously proud of our President’s handling of the Chinese Coronavirus.Thank you, @realDonaldTrump!#MAGA  
.@carriecordero and I argue that the intelligence reports made available to @realDonaldTrump and members of Congress about the coronavirus in January and February should be declassified and made public.  What did they know, and what didn’t they tell us?  …
I wasn't panicking about the coronavirus or the need to social distance, but boy is my anxiety starting to creep up about how little this society (granting the premise) values human life.
That sound you just heard is the collective South starting to take coronavirus seriously.   …
Trump’s Fox News coronavirus town hall revealed a dangerously confused president   …
HUGE:@realDonaldTrump’s approval is back to 49% (up from 44% earlier this month) and matching the highest rating of his presidency.60% approve of his handling of coronavirus, 38% disapprove.#MAGA   …
NEW: @SenMcSallyAZ introduces legislation to block Senate pay until they pass the third coronavirus relief package.“If Americans aren’t getting paid, then neither should the Senators failing to support the workers and families who need help making ends meet.”  
Trump said today he’s willing to personally oversee the distribution of emergency coronavirus funds to businesses. Yesterday he wouldn’t rule out that the business he still owns and profits from would receive them.   …
17 days ago Trump told us he didn’t want to let people off a coronavirus-infected cruise ships because he didn’t want the number of American cases to go up   …
So at this point in this presser listening to Trump complain about the impact #Coronavirus is having on the economy and his rush now to “open the economy” (despite serious advice to the contrary”) one has a clearer sense of what he values. It ain’t us.
Police showing respect to all the Doctors and Nurses fighting this war in Spain and around the world! What you hear is the Anthem of Asturias, where I was born, played with a bagpipe in from of Hospital de Jove in Gijón! #Coronavirus hard times ahead but this gives hope...  
Senate Republicans have been working with Senate Dems for several days, late into the nights, on the Phase 3 coronavirus legislation. Deals were reached on most major provisions. GOP gave on nearly everything. Then Pelosi showed up after a weeklong vacation and blew it all up.
SUMMARIZING my reporting about Sen. Lee, R-Utah:  - He is self-quarantining now. - He does not have any symptoms - Upon the advice of congressional pbysician’s office, he has *not* been tested for coronavirus- But they advised he quarantine due to his proximity to Sen. Paul
Reminder —since Senate GOP’s coronavirus bailout lets Trump Treasury sec Steve Mnuchin direct $500 BILLION taxpayer funds to bailout recipients & keep their identities secret for 6 months: OGE refused to certify his financial disclosure over ethics & conflict of interest concerns   …
Spent the weekend putting together a timeline of the #coronavirus (which will continue to be updated).The timeline begins with China’s early attempts to cover-up the virus, which ultimately played a huge role in how widespread it is today:  …
BREAKING: McConnell delays first vote on coronavirus megadeal until 6p ET.Means they are negotiating.
Sen. Paul was at GOP Senate luncheon on Tuesday with Secretary Mnuchin & was on the Senate floor on Wednesday to vote on a coronavirus billThis doesnt indicate when he was tested, nor how he was able to get tested since he didnt have symptoms or contact with infected person   …
For the homeless, coronavirus is a new menace in a perilous life - The Washington Post We’ve been feeding around DC last few days and we realize numbers are increasing too....This is a Humanitarian crisis,and we don’t really realize it! ⁦@WCKitchen⁩  …
How the Coronavirus Became an American Catastrophe   …
Dan Snyder was first NFL owner to shut down travel. Now turning FedEx Field into a Coronavirus testing site. Leading the way. Or at least trying to.   …
This is truly the most heartbreaking thing I’ve read so far  Coronavirus: 'Everyone dies alone': Heartbreak at Italian hospital on brink of collapse | World News | Sky News   …
BREAKING: FAA stops all departures at ALL New York City area airports, Philadelphia, and others due to staffing issues related to Corona Virus.  
Bernie Sanders is leading the coronavirus response debate   …
Watch this video I created with Hausa subtitles to see how Coronavirus has impacted so many things here in Washington DC. Friday prayers didn’t hold, metros are empty and the stores are running out of supplies!  
Trump tore down America’s pandemic preparedness, then spent weeks blustering as the coronavirus spread. Now he’s pushing miracle drugs that aren’t approved by the FDA and have poisoned people abroad. Desperate times.   …
“‘The Coronavirus is very much under control in the USA,’ Trump tweeted five days later. ‘Stock Market starting to look very good to me!’“But ... a senior [HHS] official ... delivered a starkly different message to the Senate Intelligence Committee ....”  …
US intelligence agencies were issuing ominous, classified warnings in Jan and Feb about the global danger posed by the coronavirus while Trump and lawmakers played down the threat and failed to take action that might have slowed the spread of the pathogen   …
Me in December: I’m gonna quit my job and travel the globe. I’m ready for the world!! 2020: KOBE BRYANT DIES, POP SMOKE DIES, CORONAVIRUS, WORLD PANDEMIC STAY IN YOUR HOME Me: ...I can’t do shit in this house  
In last two hours, I walked past three basketball games, multiple big group picnics and a full-fledged soccer game in Adams Morgan, in case you’re wondering if all DC residents are taking coronavirus seriously.
A thing about Trump that I don’t think people fully grasp is that he’s incapable of planning ahead. All decisions happen in the moment, therefore his coronavirus response is a mix of bluster & buck-passing. He’s uniquely unsuited to be entrusted with pandemic preparedness.
NEWS: @TeamTrump statement on Biden’s media confence call today. “The President is leading an unprecedented mobilization of America against the #coronavirus and all Joe Biden can offer is ineffective partisan sniping from the sidelines.” — @TimMurtaugh 
Trump: “I’ve been right a lot”. On #coronavirus? Well... Anyway, @PeterAlexander did his job. He asked a straightforward question about calming the fears of countless Americans (“nasty” huh?). Trump made the question about him and wasted a moment to reassure the American people.  …
There are now more than 16,000 coronavirus cases in the country   …
Citing a growing number of people who are dying from and testing positive for #coronavirus, @PeterAlexander asks Trump his message for Americans who are scared. “You are a terrible reporter,” Trump answered. Pressed later, he said “we are going to come out bigger and stronger.”
Yesterday Trump said he would only use the Defense Protection Act in a worst case scenario because states have to do their part. Today, he said he “put it into gear”, compelling companies to manufacture items like masks and other protective gear. #Coronavirus
Dr. Fauci sets the record straight: US stopping travel “very early” from China “has gone a long way” in fight against #coronavirus.  
This stuck in place Corona beer can on the Dupont Circle Metro escalator sums up life right now.  #coronavirus #coronapocalypse 
Earlier this month Trump said coronavirus would be good for the domestic tourism industries he’s now preparing to bail out   …
Remember when Wilbur Ross said coronavirus would be good for the economy?   …
North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr sold off stock ahead of coronavirus spread: Reports - ABC News -    via @ABC @mattmosk
Israeli togetherness at its best!Because of #coronavirus we cannot crowd outside, so the #Israeli people showed our solidarity with the medical teams fighting #COVID19 by gathering by windows & balconies to cheer in gratitude.We’re in this together!  …
#HAPPENINGNOW: President Trump’s Coronavirus TaskForce significantly smaller today to practice Social Distancing.Beyond the daily updates for the virus, POTUS just asked Syria to cooperate and release #AustinTice. 
Corona virus cases in Maryland jumped 88% in the past 48 hours. Governor is livid
Check Your Fact: “False”Snopes: “Despite creating some confusion with his remarks, Trump did not call the coronavirus itself a hoax.” The Washington Post: “Four Pinocchios”   … 
A secret recording reveals Intelligence Committee Chairman @SenatorBurr warned a private audience 3 weeks ago about how the #coronavirus would have dire effects on the US.   …
If Coronavirus is no big deal @RonJohnsonWI should expose himself to the virus and model for everyone the best way to use a ventilator.
After going to the House floor with more than 400 other representatives early Saturday morning to vote on a coronavirus relief package, at least two members of Congress fell ill that evening and have now tested positive for COVID-19   …
SECOND member of Congress to say they have tested positive for the coronavirus COVID-19   …
No one thinks Chinese Americans are to blame for the Chinese Coronavirus. If you don’t have the intellectual capacity to understand we’re referring to a country and not an ethnicity, I can’t help you. You’re just a dumb ass.
Very candid note to supporters from Bernie Sanders campaign manager  @fshakir and notably NO DONATION  BUTTON. Instead, it links to his coronavirus plan).  
@realDonaldTrump Your #coronavirus mismanagement kills people. How many? Thousands? Tens of thousands? More? You won’t lie your way out of your legacy.  #PANDUMBIC 
A supercut released by The Bulwark chronicles Trump's dangerous lies and misinformation about the coronavirus -- from saying he had no concerns about a pandemic on Jan. 22 through Tuesday, when he claimed he had "always known" it would be one.   …
Obtained by @nytimes:  @HHSGov #COVID19 response plan assumes #coronavirus pandemic “will last 18 months or longer and could include multiple waves of illness.”   … 
Dr. Deborah Birx’s explanation for why coronavirus testing in the US has been a disaster was misleading. She opened the day with a softball interview on Fox & Friends. Not great.    …
Support Workers, Not Wall Street That is the bill my staff is drafting right now to deal with #coronavirus #COVID19. We can’t afford to pander to lobbyists and bureaucrats in boardrooms on Wall Street. No corporate bailouts! We MUST help those working for us everyday.
Coronavirus has killed more Americans as of today than vaping.
Protect yourself and those around you from coronavirus  
Oh my — Facebook has taken down my repost of this bipartisan and informative USA Today article for violating community standards. I’m very confused!The best thing everyday Americans can do to fight coronavirus? #StayHome, save lives   … via @usatoday
While we continue the #coronavirus response, @MayorBowser announced the @SBAgov has accepted DC’s declaration of economic injury, making DC small businesses eligible for the SBA-administered loans More info on the recovery and more:  
NEW: The Senate is NOT expected to vote on the House-passed Coronavirus Relief package tonight, two sources tell NBC.The hold up? This amendment from @RandPaul, which will likely get a vote tomorrow —> 
Trump lied about his past statements while his coronavirus officials dissembled about the lack of testing and passed the buck to the private sector. This is bad, superficial analysis.   …
Another tragedy is unfolding while everyone is focused on the coronavirus: my elderly mother attempted to vote today in the #FloridaPrimary and was turned away, told machines don’t work and not enough volunteers to help. #VoterSuppression
Divisions still remain over the House bill and whether to mesh it with a third stimulus package. But many Republican senators stressed the need to pass the House bill (paid leave, unemployment insurance, free coronavirus testing) before another package.
This morning a White House official referred to #Coronavirus as the “Kung-Flu” to my face. Makes me wonder what they’re calling it behind my back.
For weeks, Trump told people to “calm down” and “relax”. Yesterday, many wondered what led to his dramatic shift to a somber tone. Here’s one explanation, and it’s frightening. #coronavirus   …
This video was shot by Former WUSA 9 Director Scott Rubens. Empty metro trains during rush hour. #COVID2019 #coronavirus @wusa9 
I wouldn’t worry about “politicizing” coronavirus. We’re far past that. This became political the moment Donald Trump rejected testing to cover up the problem and preserve his re-election chances. It’s impossible to “politicize” his intentional disempowerment for our survival.
Libtards: don’t refer to Coronavirus as Chinese! That’s so racist! Also Libtards: “The Chinese Coronavirus...” 
Here are a few graphics with tips from the Administration and the CDC to keep you and your loved ones protected against the #coronavirus.  
Freeze rent payments, until July, August or December to slow the spread of the corona virus, please.
me 6 days ago: “graduating senior”coronavirus/howard university:   … 
After this coronavirus blows over, who tryna take a group trip somewhere?
This is wild. DC restaurants refuse to close due to coronavirus, saying they won’t “bow down to pressure from the Mayor’s Office or any group for that matter who covertly is attempting to shut us down.” WTF?!   …
. @contextsmag is issuing a call for papers that address #coronavirus from a social science perspective. We are interested in hearing from scholars across the world facing challenges in their countries. Send a 500-1000 word op-ed by March 20,2020@ASAnews  …
Empty shelves at some grocery stores in Montgomery County, Maryland. #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
I went to my local @HarrisTeeter in Arlington, Va and had absolutely no problems. I got everything I needed - shelves were being restocked - and there were plenty of cashiers. A totally professionally operation which is important in these #coronavirus days.
I cannot overstate how important this point from @rickhasen is. Congress MUST mandate no-excuse absentee balloting across the country as part of its response to coronavirus. And it needs to do so ASAP so states can prepare.   …
NIH informed its staff early this morning that it has its first known case of an NIH staff member who has tested positive for coronavirus  
The #coronavirus is a warning and a major test of our #SDG3 capacity. If we had high-quality global health infrastructure and truly #UniversalHealthcare this would not be as big of a problem. I HOPE WE LEARN THIS TIME. #SDGs 
God Bless #MarthasTable for delivering meals to senior citizens who are trying to protect themselves from the #coronavirus !  @MarthasTableorg #COVIDー19  …
Scott Gottlieb has become America’s shadow coronavirus czar, ringing the alarm and urging the administration to take more drastic action   …
Ahead of tonight's CNN debate, @BernieSanders has a new op-ed on how we must address the coronavirus pandemic with Medicare for All and paid leave   …
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEMarch 14, 2020 NATIONAL DAY OF PRAYER FOR ALL AMERICANS AFFECTED BY THE CORONAVIRUS PANDEMIC AND FOR OUR NATIONAL RESPONSE EFFORTSBY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA A PROCLAMATION:  
MARCH 15, 2020 EDT1:30PM THE PRESIDENT participates in a phone call with Grocery Executives, The @WhiteHouse. *BRIEFING SCHEDULE*5:00PM Members of the #Coronavirus Task Force hold a press briefing, James S. Brady Briefing Room. On Camera:  
NEW: White House issued new guidance to federal agencies and departments on Saturday telling them to limit work travel to “mission critical” activities amid the coronavirus outbreak. Memo from OMB says federal workers should try to hold virtual mtgs or postpone (w/ @SalehaMohsin)
If I intentionally lie to you about my HIV status to entice you into unprotected sex & you get HIV & die, am I liable? HELL YES!If Fox intentionally lies to it’s audience to entice them into risky social behavior and they get the coronavirus & die, is Fox liable? HELL YES!
RNC Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel WAS at Senate GOP lunch where Trump presented a variety of ideas to counter the coronavirus’ impact on the economy, an RNC official tells @cmsub Event not only featured the President, but members of his administration & most Senate Republicans
Coronavirus sports cancellations leave one group of fans particularly deflated: Vasectomy patients.From the department of “Yes, I really wrote that story:”  …
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE.March 13, 2020PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP HAS MOBILIZED THE FULL RESOURCES OF THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT TO RESPOND TO THE #CORONAVIRUS.  
White House cutting massive red tape obstacles for Telehealth.FDA approved a new Coronavirus test; half million to be made available by next week.5 million tests available in one month.Partnership w/Google to ensure testing sites mapped out and available.“This will pass.”
NEW: @IvankaTrump worked from home today” out of an abundance of caution” after meeting w/ Australian Home Affairs Minister who tested positive for #Coronavirus. @CBSEveningNews 
@realDonaldTrump in a few days a pandemic you could’ve minimized will shut the U.S. down. The economy is tanking. Americans will begin needlessly dying. Even more people will see you for the pathetic buffoon you are. The only hoax is you’re a leader. #coronavirus  
Anon twitter accounts ended up being far more correct about the size, scope, and trajectory of Chinese coronavirus than the government and mainstream media
Fabrizio Romano announcing corona virus like  transfers
Not so fast!  Now we get to wait til tomorrow morning to find out what the masters of the universe are giving us a few hours to mull over before saying we hate America if we dare vote no...... #coronavirus   …
Bernie Sanders giving his own speech on the Coronavirus: “If there ever is a time when we are all in this together, now is that time. Now is the time for solidarity.”
Others spotted at Mar-a-Lago events where Brazil President Jair Bolsonaro's comms sec was pictured with Donald Trump & Mike Pence before testing positive for coronavirus include:—Rudy Giuliani—Rick Grennell—Don Jr., Eric & Ivanka Trump—Jared Kushner—Doug Deason—Charlie Kirk   …
“Trump has spent years devaluing and diminishing facts, experts, institutions, and science—the very things upon which we must rely in a crisis—and his default setting during the coronavirus outbreak has been to deny, delay, deflect, and diminish.”   …
“[H]ad you read only communications from the President about the spreading coronavirus, you would have been subjected to a barrage of lies and misinformation and self-serving bombast, information that even at the time it was being said was clearly and unequivocally untrue.”   …
Answering questions from constituents across South Carolina regarding coronavirus. Thanks to @SenJohnBarrasso,  @SenBillCassidy and Dr. Monahan, Congress’ Attending Physician, for joining my Tele-town hall to help answer questions and concerns. 
JUST IN: Washington Wizards players are told to self-quarantine for several days after playing against the Utah Jazz, which had one team member diagnosed with coronavirus. #CoronavirusPandemic #coronavirus  …
Trump IS the coronavirus: a disease that has entered the US body politic. We will beat the disease, recover—& take preventive measures to prevent future infection.   …
#NAACP announces EMERGENCYtele-town hall - The #Coronavirus: Protecting Our Community  
“Trump’s obsession with numbers ... has dominated and shaped the administration’s response to the coronavirus, as advisers ... try to placate a leader who largely views the global pandemic through the political lens of how the statistics reflect on his ... hopes for reelection.”   …
Global Level 3 Health Advisory issued by @StateDept: US citizens “should reconsider travel abroad due to the global impact” of #COVID_19 #coronavirus.  
Me tryna find a cure for the coronavirus if it stops production for Euphoria season 2  
THANK YOU to the amazing #coronavirus first responders working hard every day in our schools: TEACHERS  encouraging good hygiene, CUSTODIANS  cleaning our schools, CAFETERIA WORKERS  reinforcing food safety, BUS DRIVERS  disinfecting their vehicles, and so many others!
I can’t wait to tell my grandkids how we survived the world pandemic known as the Coronavirus. Speaking it into existence.
Thank God America has the best science, medical professionals & emergency response capability in the world! It’s time to let our world class U.S. Military physicians & scientists lead the charge!  #antibodies #UniversalVaccine #coronavirus @POTUS @VP  …
As of 7:00 p.m. on Wednesday, March 11, the District’s Coronavirus (COVID-19) data includes six new positive cases, bringing the District’s overall positive case total to 10 individuals.  
“It will go away...The consumer has never been in a better position than they are right now.” Trump’s assessment of the #coronavirus. So what about citizens?   …
US sanctions on Iran are exacerbating the coronavirus pandemic — over 8,000 infected, 291 dead. #NoWarOnIran 
Join me today at 4 PM as I provide an update on the District’s response to the coronavirus (COVID-19).You can watch the briefing via:Twitter (@MayorBowser)Facebook (  …)Or for a stream with captions, visit    
Dem Rep. Gerald Connolly just had a meltdown over being called out for using coronavirus as a political weapon against Trump:  
Everyone’s losing their minds over coronavirus and this guy is just trying to buy some pasta   
The U.S. is about to blow past 1,000 confirmed coronavirus cases. Only last month, the president was predicting that number would soon drop to “zero.”   …
Florida’s Trumpy governor appears to be taking a page from the president’s coronavirus playbook—he claims there’s no community spread in Florida, even though Dr. Fauci explicitly said there is.   …
It’s time for #DoD & the #USArmy to bring back the @USArmy Aeromedical Isolation Team that served America well from 1970s-2010.It was a rapid response BSL-4 Medical Team w/worldwide reach that focused on infectious diseases like #coronavirus . @POTUS @VP  …
*PWIs cancelling classes because of Coronavirus*HBCUs:   – at Howard University
#coronavirus Killed so far 26 Americans. #PTSD kills on average 22 Veterans per day and #Opioids kill on average 130 Americans per day. Can we throw $8.3 Billion at those causes too? #COVID2019 #CoronavirusOutbreak @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Over the next days, you are going to see more GOP folks calling coronavirus the “Chinese” or “Wuhan” or “Asian” virusTHAT is because it’s the directive from @GOPThe goal is to shift blame onto a population that is easy to demonize & ultimately to absolve Trump of his failure
Share this with your friends and family, and visit    to learn more about staying healthy and about the District’s response to #coronavirus  
You know what else is dangerously spreading, racism. @GOPLeader and those with this vile misguided rhetoric have been spreading these dangerous contaminates for far too long!#coronavirus #CoronaVirusUpdate  …
It's so interesting how Fox is attacking the Democrats for "blowing up this coronavirus crisis" issue when it's primarily GOP members announcing that they are self quarantining themselves.    …
As of 9:45 pm on Monday, March 9, the District’s Coronavirus data includes three new confirmed cases. Please see below for full update or visit   . 
we will look back fondly on the days when we worried about whether the coronavirus was racist
Agree @HARRISFAULKNER We need to fight fear with facts.  #coronavirus
The @BBCNewshour on @WAMC is such a different perspective. In a report about #coronavirus this AM the reporter explained that there’s market panic bc the US has the virus but doesn’t have universal healthcare or mandatory paid sick leave. Shocking to have it laid out so plainly.
The irony of this happening at a conference where the coronavirus was dismissed as media hysteria to damage Trump is pretty remarkable   …
We now know there was at least one person at CPAC with coronavirus  
The undeniable takeaway from this terrifying article is that a significant number of Americans will die prematurely because Trump sabotaged the federal government’s early response to coronavirus for his own short-term political benefit.   …
Here’s part (the key part) of a note written by a prominent west coast physician, who is in contact with CDC, to her patients, updating them about coronavirus testing kits:  
